[📝 Documentation] Add missing parameters from base.py (#4690)
GeotrekCE/Geotrek-admin: docs/advanced-configuration/modules-and-components.rst

                BLADE_ENABLED = False
                LINE_ENABLED = True

> Direction on lines enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable line direction
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This parameter is used to have ``direction`` field on lines instead of blades.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter is used to assign the ``direction`` field to lines rather than blades.
```

              DIRECTION_ON_LINES_ENABLED = True

> Signage line enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable signage lines
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This parameter is used to manage lines by blades.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter is used to manage lines per blade.
```

Sensitive area intersection margin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This setting defines the maximum distance (in meters) within which sensitive areas are considered related to other objects such as treks, POIs, services, or tourism content, etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting defines the maximum distance (in meters) within which sensitive areas are considered related to other objects such as treks, POIs, services, tourism content, etc. 
```
